Hello Everyone, this is Mr Brain Junkie Here,
and today we are going to be talking about
an action monster film called the host, be
ready for some spoilers ahead!
In the underground facility of a morgue, a
senior pathologist complains about the cleanliness
of the room.
He tells the associate to throw away the chemicals
down the sink as they are covered in dust.
the man looks at him in shock, as that would
be a clear violation of the law.
The head scientist threatens him with his
job, which forces the man to empty the numerous
bottles into the sewage.
As time goes on, people begin noticing weird
creatures inside the lake, but paying no attention
to the possible consequences.
A salary man plans to commit suicide by jumping
into the river, but before does, he notices
a large shadow inside the water.
Seeing that his co-workers are not aware of
the danger, he tells them goodbye and proceeds
to leap in.
Gangdu is the son of a convenient store owner,
and he's not very good at doing his job, falling
a sleep all the time.
His father, HeeBong is unsatisfied with the
son and tells him to wake up and take care
of the costumers.
Although Gangdu is lazy and quite useless,
he loves his daughter very much even though
she has a very low opinion of her father just
like everyone else.
They watch television together and cheers
for Gangdu's sister, Nam-Joo, who's a national
archery champion competing for the first place.
suddenly, a news flash comes on that show
the body of the salaryman from before, but
half of his body is missing as if something
bit him before he died
Heebong tells his son to get out and go back
to work, as the customers are complaining
about their orders.
Gangdu brings the food to the people, but
notices that everyone is starring at the river.
They see a strange creature under the bridge,
and wonders what it can be.
The animal begins moving, eventually dropping
into the water.
The people walk even closer to the river front
and Gangdu throws a can of beer at the creature,
which it quickly takes underwater.
Everyone begins throwing garbage into the
river as well, and soon the creature disappears,
leaving nothing but trash in the water.
Just when Gangdu is about to leave, he sees
the giant creature on shore, charging towards
the people and knocking them into the river.
Everybody runs in fear while the monster continues
to trample over the spectators and attacking
them furiously.
Gandu tries to tell the people to run, but
gets knocked over by the giant beast.
The creature begins running towards the population
center, while everyone runs away, looking
for shelter.
The monster charges inside a mobile container
full of people, turning the shelter into a
giant lunch box, as it devours everyone inside.
An American soldier tries to free the people
with Gangdu, but the monster rushes out of
the room that is now full of blood.
They chase after the monster and tries their
best to stop it's destruction, but nearly
gets killed as the soldier get wounded badly
by the creature.
Gangdu tries to save the man by hitting the
monster on the tail, but the attacks are ineffective
as the creature turns around and forces Gangdu
to run away quickly.
Hyun walks outside of the convenient store
looking
for her father, only to see that everyone
has disappeared.
Gangdu grabs his daughter quickly and runs
for safety, but in the midst of chaos, he
notices that he grabbed the wrong person.
The man turns around, only to see the monster
charging towards his daughter, taking her
away.
The creature jumps in the river and swims
to the other side.
Gangdu tries to chase after, but watches hopelessly
as the daughter is taken into the water.
The armies arrive soon to block off the area,
and the people mourn for their family's death
as a huge community funeral takes place in
the shelter.
Hyun's uncle, Nam-il also arrives with tears
in his eyes after hearing about the death
of his niece.
The family embrace each other as they fall onto the floor in sadness
but instead of helping them, the news reporters surround them and
begin to take pictures like vultures
A government worker in a biohazard suit comes
to greet the people and inquires about those
who made physical contact with the creature.
The people are afraid to admit their involvement,
but after being asked repeatedly, some raise
their hands, including Gangdu in the the fear
of legal punishment.
The family embrace each other as they fall
onto the floor in sadness, but instead of
helping them, the new reporters surround them
and begins to take pictures like vultures.
More workers in the yellow suits begin rushing
into the building, trying to quarantine the
families.
They take away Gangdu forcefully as his family
begs for them to stop.
In turns out that the American soldier who
helped Gangdu was able survive the monster's
attack, but soon became sick after being infected
with a virus that the creature carries.
The government is pulling back their military
forces and sending in specialized teams trained
to handle virus outbreaks.
At the same time, Gangdu and his family arrived
at the hospital, but is surprised to see the
lack of quarantine measures, as even the doctors
are not wearing masks.
At night, the father gets a phone call which
he immediately recognize as the daughter.
Gangdu tries to ask for her location, but
the signal cuts out suddenly, as the rest
of the family wakes up as well.
The monster continues to attack the humans,
killing the quarantine workers and bringing
them back to it's nest inside the sewers where
the creature is storing them as food for later.
Hyun sneaks out from inside the opening of
a drainage and examines the worker that the
monster brought in, but the man died of drowning
as he spits out water from his lungs.
The girl manages to find a cell phone on the
body, but it's not functional anymore after
being submerged inside the river.
Back in the hospital, Gangdu tries to convince
the police that his daughter is alive, but
the officer thinks that the man's crazy and
wants the doctor to give him a psychiatric
evaluation.
realizing that his daughter might begin starving
soon, the family tries sneaking out from the
hospital, but gets recognized immediately
because of Gangdu's blonde hair.
They run towards the elevator then into the
parking garage, where a vehicle driven by
gangsters was arranged to pick them up.
The family successfully escapes the hospital,
as the police officer desperately chases them
on foot.
After the escape, the gangsters charge the
old man a large amount of money for rescuing
them, providing them with guns and a government
vehicle so that they can blend in.
HeeBong has no choice but to give them all
his savings including his credit cards as well
They drive towards a police check point and
tries to pass through, but a police captain
recognizes them as wanted escapees from the
hospital.
With no other choice, Heebong bribes the officer
with the only money that they have left.
The family begins searching for Hyun inside
every sewer system that they find on the maps
that they were given, but the area is too
large to cover and they have no clue as to
where the girl is
Nam-Il complains that they'll never find his
niece this way as they are looking blindly,
but his sister tells him to stop complaining
as they have no other options.
Suddenly, the family notices something moving
ahead of them, and prepares their guns to
shoot.
Nam-joo feels water drip on her in the ceiling,
and they shoot multiple shots, only to realize
that it was nothing.
However, it turns out that there are two other
boys hiding beside the walls, and they escape
out of the sewers after nearly being killed
by the family.
The two boys are homeless, and the older brother
decides to steal food from the nearest convenient
store, which turns out to be the one that
Gangdu owns on the beach.
The younger boy, See-joo, wants to take their
money as well, but his brother stops him and
tells him that that is wrong, as they are
only taking things they need to survive.
They head out with bags of food after ransacking
the storage, only to see the monster charging
towards them from under the bridge.
The two runs quickly back towards the shelter,
but the monster chases them closely behind
as the boys run desperately for their lives.
moments later, Heebong goes back to their
store, and sees that the doors have been forced
open.
He pays it no attention and the family continues
to have their dinner while imagining that
Hyun was there with them as well.
Meanwhile, the girl is trying to survive by
gathering water from the sewers, but sees
the monster approaching and quickly pretends
to be dead.
The creature drops off the boys he captured
from earlier, and Hyun notices that the younger
brother is still alive.
She tries her best to save the boy and protect
him from the monster.
After some time, Gangdu notices the creature
standing outside their store, and the father
tries to shoot the monster, but ultimately
misses.
It charges towards them and begins pushing
on the structure, eventually flipping the
whole place over, while the father continues
to shoot.
After the monster has stopped, the family
moves out only to see it lying on the ground,
apparently wounded by the gunshots.
the uncle fires at the monster, which prompts
it to run towards the river as the family
continues their pursuit.
However, they soon run out of bullets as the
creature jumps into the river.
Heebong tells everyone to stay back as Gandu
give his father the gun with the last bullet.
The monster begins swimming towards the family
again, while Nam-joo try shooting it with her arrows
The creature charges at the old man and he
fires the gun, but it turns out that Gangdu
miscalculated and there was nothing left to
shoot.
Heebong turns around and calmly tells his
family
to run as the creature tramples over him.
It grabs Heebong by the leg and smashes him
to the ground as everyone watches hopelessly.
Gangdu runs towards the father's lifeless
body and cries in pain, but they can't stay
there for long as the police are heading this
way as well.
He tells the siblings to run away for the
sake of finding Hyun, and proceeds to cover
his father's face with newspaper.
Gangdu tries to leave as well, but is unable
to overcome his grief and gets captured by
the police officers.
At night, the uncle goes to his friend for
help who has a job in the phone company.
They sneak into the office building and begins
locating the last call from Hyun.
They managed to find her location, but the
friend goes into the manager's office and
reveals that he betrayed the man by informing
the police in order to obtain the bounty money.
Nam-il sees the people after him, and quickly
turns off the lights, escaping out of the
office and locking his pursuers inside.
He escapes the building, but sees that the
police are chasing after him as well.
IN a state of panic, he jumps under the bridge
and avoids detection.
the uncle calls the sister and texts her Hyun
location before finally fainting from the
pain of the fall.
Namjoo notices her brother's message, and
quickly runs towards the sewer that her niece
is in.
She goes under the bridge and towards the
entrance, while calling Gangdu about her location.
Suddenly, she sees the monster running towards
her and tries to shoot, but gets knocked over
into the ditches which luckily prevents the
beast from getting to her.
After being informed about his daughter's
location, Gandu tries to escape the hospital,
but is stopped by the doctors who continues
to perform painful experiments on him.
The leading researcher reveals that there
is no virus, and that the government is simply
using it to distract the people from the monster's
origins.
Gandu overhears their conversation, which
prompts the doctors to lobotomize the man
in order to silence him.
On the other side, Hyun is trying to comfort
the boy by asking him to think about what
they'll eat after getting out.
She creates a rope out of the clothing of
the victims, and ties a police baton at the
end.
The girl throws the rope on the platform and
manages to make a rope ladder.
Before they can escape, the monster comes
back which forces them into hiding.
The two watches in disgust as the creatures
begins throwing up the bones of all the humans
it devoured.
The monster notices the children and tries
to capture them, but is unable to as they
hide inside the walls.
At the same time, Gangdu takes a doctor hostage
as he rushes to the outside of the building,
only to see that the officers are relaxing
and barbecuing like they're on vacation.
He takes a vehicle by threatening to kill
the hostage and rushes towards the location
of his daughter.
Nam-il also wakes up after being saved by
a
homeless man and manages to convince him to
help in saving his niece.
They use alcohol bottles and make numerous
Molotov cocktails, preparing to fight the
monster to the death.
Hyun wakes up after hiding from the monster's
attacks, and notices that the boy is getting
sick.
She peeks outside and sees that the monster
is sleeping.
The girl tries running for the ropes, but
is quickly ambushed by the beast which grabs
her and puts her back on the floor.
She sees the boy outside as well, and runs
towards him trying to save his life while
the monster chases after them from behind.
Gangdu arrives at the nest, only to see that
it's filled with bones and that his daughter
is no where in sight.
Suddenly, he sees the monster pass by him
from the top with an arm dangling from it's
mouth and proceeds to chase it with his sister
who's woken up as well.
They follow the monster as it swims in the
river towards the gathering of protestors
on shore, complaining about the quarantine
and the illegal experiments.
However, the people quickly notice the monster
coming towards them and runs in fear as they
escape the area.
The police begin shooting at the creature
as it climbs on land, while the military positions
the chemicals closer towards the monster.
They release the gas into the area, which
stuns the creature as it struggle in pain.
Gangdu rushes towards the monster's mouth
and tries to pull his daughter out.
He manages to extract the girl who's still
holding on to the boy that she was trying
to protect, and realizes that his daughter
has died a long time ago.
Gangdu carries the girl towards the family,
and they cry as they embrace Hyun's lifeless body
the man decides to take vengeance for his
daughter
and begins attacking the monster with a metal pole
nam-il tries to help aswell and throws the
Molotov Cocktails at the monster, chasing
it away, but is not able to land any direct
hits.
The homeless man sneaks ontop of the creature
and begins pouring gasoline on it as it watches
in confusion.
Nam-joo prepares her arrow that she lit on
fire, and shoots at the monster which covers
it in flames.
In a moment of chaos, the monster tries to
run back into the water, but gets fatally
stabbed by Gangdu who was hiding behind the
posts.
The creature falls down with it's last breath
and dies while burning
Gangdu notices that the boy his daughter was
trying to protect is still alive, and carries
him to safety as he stares at the aftermath
of the chaos.
Sometimes later, Gangdu has adopted the boy
like his own son and the two have dinner while
the news criticizes the government about their
actions.
They continue to reside in the convenient
store
by the river while the snow falls indicating
that winter is coming.
So what do you guys think about this movie,
let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more, I'll see you guys next time!